{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh15100\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Rewrite the renderer for scaling up, adding more objects. \
\
Distanced-based for text rendering\
\
two Focuses: \
	- making good on the promises in the paper \
	- working on the modules\
		- \
\
Paying particular attention to what people respond to when playing with hardware, things that they get excited about. The modules should be fast and immediate to make something interesting. Right now you press the menu button and you get this wall of objects. \
	- add to this\
\
In what ways can the modules function better by being more responsive to the context that they are in (implies code generation on the max side). \
	- i.e. having normalled outputs, having certain circuits function differently depending on whether something is plugged into them (gen is not capable of this, so would require more from the scripting side) \
\
One of the things that graham often hears with hardware is \'93oh I wish they put modulation input here\'94.  \
\
Top-down and bottom up ways of working in MSVR. \
	- a key milestone: theres an action to turn any knob into an inlet. \
\
Does it make sense \
\
\
\
Some kind of intelligent creative agent for monitoring user actions and code patterns, storing them as a library. \
\
\
Many worlds\
Sub-patching\
Using the controllers as gestural devices. \
	- module is a control signal generator \
\
===\
Open lab time: \
\
\
===\
\
At one point is this something you could stick on steam (or on GitHub for download). Important to support different ways of viewing and auditioning. Important to think about audiences. One thing we haven\'92t talked about is the telematic question. }